NAME
    RNAfold 1.0

SYNOPSIS
INTRODUCTION
    This is the new program RNAfold.

OPTIONS
    -h Display this information

    Option -h displays a command option overview.

    -H <option> Display detailed information on <option>

    This displays the corresponding section of the RNAfold manual for the
    given command line option.

    -v Show version

    This shows the version number of RNAfold.

    -b <value> Set number of blocks

    This switch sets the number of CUDA-blocks.

    -T <value> Set number of threads per blocks

    This switch sets the number of threads per CUDA-block.

    -e <value> Set energy range (kcal/mol)

    This sets the energy range for suboptimal results. value is the
    difference to the minimum free energy for the sequence.

    -c <value> Set energy range (%%)

    This sets the energy range as percentage value of the minimum free
    energy. For example, when -c 10 is specified, and the minimum free
    energy is -10.0 kcal/mol, the energy range is set to -9.0 to -10.0
    kcal/mol.

    -M <value> Set maximal loop length

    This option sets the maximum lengths of the considered internal and
    bulge loops. The default value here is 30. For unrestricted loop
    lengths, use option -M n. This will increase calculation times and
    memory requirements.

    -w <value> Set window size

    Beginning with position 1 of the input sequence, the analysis is
    repeatedly processed on subsequences of the specified size. After each
    calculation, the results are printed out and the window is moved by the
    window position increment (-W), until the end of the input sequence is
    reached.

    -W <value> Set window position increment

    This option specifies the increment for the window analysis mode (-w).

    -B Show best results in window mode

    This option specifies, that only the best results are shown in window
    mode.

    -S <value> Specify output width for structures

    This splits the structure strings into parts of the specified length.
    This option is useful when displaying results for long sequences that
    would otherwise not fit onto the screen.

    -f <filename> Read input from file

    Let RNAfold load its input data from file. file can contain a plain
    single sequence, or multiple sequences in fasta format. When given
    multiple sequences, each sequence is processed separately in the order
    of input.

    Valid characters in an input sequence are "ACGU" and "acgu". "T" and "t"
    will be converted to "U". Other letters are mapped to "N" and will not
    be paired. All other characters are ignored.

    -z Colored output

    This option enables colored output. In interactive mode, this is the
    default setting, so use -z to disable colors here.

  Additional interactive mode commands
    :s Show current configuration

    This command shows the current settings in an interactive RNAfold
    session.

    :d Reset configuration

    This command sets all settings to their default values.

    :e <string> Execute system command

    Command :e executes a system command.

    :q Quit

    This command quits an interactive RNAfold session.

EXAMPLES
    Start RNAfold in interactive mode:

        RNAfold

    Pipe file input.seq into the program:

        cat input.seq | RNAfold

EXIT STATUS
    RNAfold returns a zero exit status if it succeeds. Non zero is returned
    in case of failure.

AUTHORS
